api/ErrorsCodes.md, before:

# Errors codes

In case of error API returns HTTP status code different than `2xx` and JSON object in below format:

```json
{
    "kind": "ConstraintViolation",
    "status": 400,
    "title": "Bad Request",
    "detail": "Invalid \"products\" property. Sum of total values of \"qty\" must be lower than or equal 100.",
    "path": "/api/v1/order",
    "method": "POST",
    "trace": "082a4cee9b",
    "timestamp": "2020-09-01T13:06:06+00:00",
    "propertyPath": "products",
    "invalidValue": 1000
}
```

Check `detail` property for more info about the problem.

Kind | Description
-----|------------------
`ConstraintViolation` | The request payload is invalid.
`Error` | Unspecified error.
`HttpClient` | Internal communication failed.
`Http` | Invalid request.
`Authorization` | Bad authorization credentials.
`InsufficientBalance` | There are not enough funds to place order.
`BalanceRequired` | The balance value is lower than minimum balance required to place order.
`OrderFailed` | Order has not been created.
`OrderHold` | Order has been hold. Dispatch has been blocked.
`OrderNotDispatchedYet` | Order has not been dispatched yet. Please try send request again.
`OrderNotPaid` | Problem with payment with balance.
`OrderPartiallyDispatched` | Not of all products has been dispatched yet. Please try send request again.
`Preorder` | Problem with buying PRE-ORDER. See `detail` for more info.
`ProcessingPreorder` | Order will be dispatched after product release date.
`ProductUnavailable` | Product has been sold or is not active. Maybe try to update product and send request again.
`OrderNotFound` | Order not found - invalid `orderId` value
`DispatchNotFound` | Dispatch not found - invalid `dispatchId` value

## Retryable kinds

- `OrderHold`
- `OrderNotDispatchedYet`
- `OrderPartiallyDispatched`
- `ProcessingPreorder`

Due to the asynchronous nature of order processing, the API may return an error marked as `retryable`. 
This means that the order is not completed yet.
As long as the API returns an `retryable` error, the request should be retried at appropriate intervals.
The exception to the rule are PRE-ORDER products, where the request should be retried only after product release date.

> Instead of sending requests at appropriate intervals you can register [postback](../features/Postback.md) to receive events about order completion.

### Example retryable error

```json
{
    "kind": "OrderNotDispatchedYet",
    "status": 422,
    "title": "Unprocessable Entity",
    "detail": "Order \"PHS84FJAG5U\" not dispatched yet. Please retry request later",
    "path": "/api/v1/order/dispatch",
    "method": "POST",
    "trace": "082a4cee9b",
    "timestamp": "2020-09-01T13:06:06+00:00",
    "orderId": "PHS84FJAG5U",
    "retryable": true
}
```

Commit message:

update info about error codes

api/ErrorsCodes.md, after:

# Errors codes

In case of error API returns HTTP status code different than `2xx` and JSON object in below format:

```json
{
    "kind": "ConstraintViolation",
    "status": 400,
    "title": "Bad Request",
    "detail": "Invalid \"products\" property. Sum of total values of \"qty\" must be lower than or equal 100.",
    "path": "/api/v1/order",
    "method": "POST",
    "trace": "082a4cee9b",
    "timestamp": "2020-09-01T13:06:06+00:00",
    "propertyPath": "products",
    "invalidValue": 1000
}
```

The fields such as: `kind`, `status`, `title`, `detail`, `path`, `method`, `trace` and `timestamps` should be always presented.

The rest of the available fields are intended to present the context of the problem. Each of error kind have an own set of additional fields.

Check `detail` property for more info about the problem.

Kind | Description
-----|------------------
`ConstraintViolation` | The request payload is invalid.
`Error` | Unspecified error.
`HttpClient` | Internal communication failed.
`Http` | Invalid request.
`Authorization` | Bad authorization credentials.
`InsufficientBalance` | There are not enough funds to place order.
`BalanceRequired` | The balance value is lower than minimum balance required to place order.
`OrderFailed` | Order has not been created.
`OrderHold` | Order has been hold. Dispatch has been blocked.
`OrderNotDispatchedYet` | Order has not been dispatched yet. Please try send request again.
`OrderNotPaid` | Problem with payment with balance.
`OrderPartiallyDispatched` | Not of all products has been dispatched yet. Please try send request again.
`Preorder` | Problem with buying PRE-ORDER. See `detail` for more info.
`ProcessingPreorder` | Order will be dispatched after product release date.
`ProductUnavailable` | Product has been sold or is not active. Maybe try to update product and send request again.
`OrderNotFound` | Order not found - invalid `orderId` value
`DispatchNotFound` | Dispatch not found - invalid `dispatchId` value

## Retryable kinds

- `OrderHold`
- `OrderNotDispatchedYet`
- `OrderPartiallyDispatched`
- `ProcessingPreorder`

Due to the asynchronous nature of order processing, the API may return an error marked as `retryable`. 
It means, that the order is not completed yet.
As long as the API returns an `retryable` error, the request should be retried at appropriate intervals.
The exception to the rule are PRE-ORDER products, where the request should be retried only after product release date.

> Instead of sending requests at appropriate intervals you can register a [postback](../features/Postback.md) to receive events about order completion.

### Example retryable error

```json
{
    "kind": "OrderNotDispatchedYet",
    "status": 422,
    "title": "Unprocessable Entity",
    "detail": "Order \"PHS84FJAG5U\" not dispatched yet. Please retry request later",
    "path": "/api/v1/order/dispatch",
    "method": "POST",
    "trace": "082a4cee9b",
    "timestamp": "2020-09-01T13:06:06+00:00",
    "orderId": "PHS84FJAG5U",
    "retryable": true
}
```
